1 Contributor303 LyricsSJW:
Always remember to do what you want and what you feel is right because in the end your happiness is what matters, not anyone else’s opinion

OT:
You’re going to meet some really amazing people who are going to love you, respect you, cherish you, and value you. But you’re also going to meet some people who are not going to do so, who are going to hurt you, who are going to judge you, who are going to manipulate you, and abuse you. But that should not dictate who you are, nor should that dictate what you are able to do with your life, and with the time that you havе here

KO:
To embracе the unknown. To go for things that you want. It may seem incredibly scary at the moment but I would much rather do something and find that I hate it than wonder what if I had done the thing that scared me. Life is wildly different than one can ever imagine if you just really are not afraid to try

CS:
Living freely and authentically will bring the most amazing people into your life that will love you and adore you for who you truly are, and that love will far surpass anything you ever experienced when you were constantly battling yourself and trying to be someone that you’re not

MA:
The world is gonna throw a lot of things your way that you can’t change, and a lot of them are gonna suck, and they’re going to be really hard and confusing. But you will grow, and you will learn, and you’ll become stronger for it. So I know it’s hard but just stay the course and in the meantime, relish in the little things

MP:
You are going to meet people who are going to be so worth your time, and your effort, and your love, and they’re going to be happy to have you in their lives. You are going to learn so much from them. You’re going to learn to love yourself. You’ll know what it’s like to lose people. You’ll know what it’s like to let go of people. It’s going to hurt but from it you’re going to grow

UG:
You are worthy of love. Don’t chase people who aren’t willing to give you their love or gonna make you climb mountains to be respected or given attention. They’re not worth your energy, and if someone doesn’t love you the way you need, don’t be afraid to let go because somebody else will

RS:
So I think with life you have to believe you’ve got a whole lot of fight in you even if it feels like you don’t have so much. You can face the world like Taylor Swift singing to a concert full of fans about her smelly men breaking her heart into bits. You have to face the world like that: bravely and always sincerely. Be you or I don’t know, be Taylor Swift. Either ways, don’t change yourself to fit the world

NP:
Have no regrets. Take every opportunity you get, every situation, every fun activity, every chance to discuss or say something, take it. See what happens. You will never know what the outcome is if you don’t take the opportunity
You might also likeGB:
To not be afraid to change, and that the people that are around you will not always be the people around you so don’t make yourself so obsessed with trying to meet the best people you can find for the rest of your life

ML:
I think it is important to live fiercely everyday, and take every day as an opportunity to make yourself better, to learn new things, to love new people, forgive people, to improve on yourself, and to forgive yourself

CG:
Becoming an adult isn’t all that different than your journey as a child, you just have to take it one step at a time. You may fall down sometimes. You may need some help standing back up, but you will get where you’re supposed to be in the end. So take your time, and enjoy the journeyEmbed