125 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolDeutschTaylor Swift - Nothing New (Taylor’s Version) [From the Vault] (feat. Phoebe Bridgers) (ترجمه‌ی فارسی)FrançaisСрпскиNothing New (Taylor’s Version) [From the Vault] Lyrics[Verse 1: Taylor Swift]
They tell you while you're young
"Girls, go out and have your fun"
Then they hunt and slay the ones who actually do it
Criticize the way you fly
When you're soaring through the sky
Shoot you down and then they sigh
And say, "She looks like she's been through it"

[Pre-Chorus: Taylor Swift]
Lord, what will become of me
Once I've lost my novelty?
[Chorus: Taylor Swift]
I've had too much to drink tonight
And I know it's sad, but this is what I think about
And I wake up in the middle of the night
It's like I can feel time moving
How can a person know everythin' at eighteen
But nothin' at twenty-two?
And will you still want me
When I'm nothing new?
[Verse 2: Phoebe Bridgers]
How long will it be cute, all this cryin' in my room?
When you can't blame it on my youth
And roll your eyes with affection
And my cheeks are growing tired
From turning red and faking smiles
Are we only biding time 'til I lose your attention?

[Pre-Chorus: Taylor Swift, Phoebe Bridgers]
And someone else lights up the room (Ah)
People love an ingénue (Ah)

[Chorus: Phoebe Bridgers, Taylor Swift]
I've had (I've had) too much to drink tonight
How did I go from growin' up to breaking down?
And I wake up (Wake up) in the middle of the night
It's like I can feel time movin'
How can a person know everything at eighteen
But nothing at twenty-two?
And will you still want me
When I'm nothing new?
You might also like[Bridge: Taylor Swift, Both, Phoebe Bridgers]
I know someday I'm gonna meet her, it's a fever dream
The kind of radiance you only have at seventeen
She'll know the way and then she'll say she got the map from me
I'll say I'm happy for her, then I'll cry myself to sleep
Oh, woah, oh (Oh)
Oh, woah, oh, woah, oh (Oh)

[Chorus: Taylor Swift, Phoebe Bridgers, Both]
I've had (I've had) too much to drink tonight
But I wonder if they'll miss me once they drive me out
I wake up (Wake up) in the middle of the night
And I can feel time moving
How can a person know everything at eighteen
But nothing at twenty-two?
And will you still want me
Will you still want me
Will you still want me
When I'm nothing new?49Embed